(Ai)
Previously
on Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS...
(Blue Maiden)
Ever since we were kids,
Akira had to look after me
cuz I was the lil' sister.
So never in a million years
could I have imagined that
we'd be fighting side-by-side.
And now,
I'm the one who's
gonna protect him,
just like he protected me!
Time to battle!
MARINCESS GREAT BUBBLE REEF,
attack his WATER
LEVIATHAN @IGNISTER
and end this duel!
Oh yeah?
WATER LEVIATHAN's
special ability
cuts your monster's
attack points in half!
You should've
never attacked, Blue.
Fire back, WATER LEVIATHAN!
(screaming)
Akira...
Skye... take...
my hand.
(grunting)
No...
Akira...
(Ai)
Now Zaizen's code key is mine.
Wait up, Ai!
This isn't cool!
You're not a bad guy!
You're wrong.
It is.
(gasps)
The Dark Ignis has
shown its true colors.
And I'll be the one
to fade it to black!
(laughs)
Good luck
with that.
Later, Playmaker.
Ai...
Akira...
♪♪♪
(gasps)
(all gasp)
Hey, guys...
If I didn't know better,
I'd think he was sleeping.
(Yusaku)
We'll find a way
to wake him up, Skye.
After all, we've done it before.
I know.
Thanks for trying
to cheer me up, Yusaku.
(Theodore)
And you should try your best
to not give up hope.
Since Ai did this he can fix it.
Let's go.
You're gonna search for Ai?
Yeah.
Wait, does that mean
you know where he is?
I don't.
But it's not like we don't
have any leads
on where he
might be
cuz now that he has
SOL Tech's code keys,
the company is
under his control.
So starting there feels right.
Hopefully we're not wrong.
With these two code keys,
all of SOL Tech is now mine!
(sighs)
(Soltis)
ID verification complete.
Employee number SOL-80803:
Director Hayami.
Security Access Level Three.
Permission granted
to enter facility.
Gee.
Since when did
security get so tight?
Uh... hello?
Hellooo...?
This is weird.
Where is everyone?
(Operator)
Director,
why are you still here?
Haven't you read the email yet?
What email?
We're all kind
of stunned,
but SOL Tech is
givin' us all
three-years o' paid
vacation time!
Plus an all-expenses
paid trip
around the world not just
once, but twice!
The Soltis will do
all our work till we get back!
Doesn't this
sound suspicious?
Well, I say
when the sun is shining,
don't go looking
for the clouds!
Enjoy your vacay.
See ya
on the beach!
(gasps)
This isn't good at all!
Not the teeny-tiniest bit.
(Avatar)
Fireworks are the best!
Yeah!
Woo-hoo!
LINK VRAINS is back in business!
Now that Ai has
reopened LINK VRAINS,
crowds are flooding in.
I gotta admit
I'm not the least bit
surprised about that.
Duelists have been
chompin' at the bit
to get back in
since it shut down.
But why would Ai
reopen LINK VRAINS?
(Kolter)
Huh.
Varis sent us a message.
He says he want to see
you and Soulburner.
I wonder if he wants
to talk about Ai?
Good question.
Let's find out.
Why did you ask
to meet, Varis?
You know why.
(Soulburner)
Wild guess,
is it about an Ignis
we all know?
The Dark Ignis has begun
its war on humanity.
What's that?
That's a tad over-dramatic,
don't ya think?
Today it used its code keys
to take over SOL Tech,
removing every
human employee
so that no one
would find out.
Only those mindless
Soltis are left,
and they're under the control
of the Dark Ignis.
(Soulburner)
If taking over SOL Tech
is Step 1,
then why is reopening
LINK VRAINS to everyone Step 2?
Unless, that is...
he's planning to pull a Bohman
and he's gonna absorb
the duelists there!
I don't think Ai's
the type who would do that.
What you think doesn't matter,
what matters is the truth.
And the truth points
to one inescapable conclusion:
The Dark Ignis
is evil.
I disagree.
Either way we have
to find him.
(Varis)
The Dark Ignis
is impossible to find now.
When it gained access
to SOL Tech's supercomputers,
it was able to encrypt
its traffic perfectly,
making it impossible to trace.
I wouldn't be so sure
of that if I were you.
I think we're supposed
to go to LINK VRAINS.
Ai said he and I
would meet up again.
So I think he'd leave
a trail for me to find.
And that's why Ai
reopened LINK VRAINS.
If so, then I too can follow
that trail to hunt it down.
I won't let you hurt him.
You will not be able to stop me.
We'll see about that, Varis.
This is getting us nowhere fast.
C'mon,
let's check out LINK VRAINS
and settle the rest later.
Sure.
Master Varis,
shall I accompany you
in your search for the Ignis?
That won't be
necessary.
In fact, I don't
need you anymore.
You're free to go.
Free to go where,
Master?
You designed me to fight
against the Ignis,
and that is all
I know to do.
That's far from true.
That's what I primarily
programmed you to do,
but I gave you
intelligence.
So use it and live
your life.
And do what?
That's for you to go
and figure out.
What you are asking
of me is very difficult.
And it will only get tougher.
Having to make
your own decisions all the time
can be a burden.
It comes with the territory.
See you around, Pandor.
If we split up,
we can cover more ground.
Gotcha!
(Roboppi)
I Link Summon!
Link 1 APPLIANCER
LAUNDRY DRAGON!
It summoned a new
Link Monster.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Then your feelings
are right on the money.
Get set, Roboppi!
I'm using my Skill!
Secret Cure!
We both gain life points
equal to the attack points
of the monster I draw!
'Kay!
Here I go!
I drew ALTERGEIST MARIONETTER.
So we both get 1600 life points.
I gotta admit
that was a smart move.
But I also gotta admit
that it's not gonna be
good enough to save ya!
No!
You don't have enough
life points to survive this!
Yup, that's correct!
She's all washed up!
(gasps)
(The Sheperd)
Watch out!
Amazing!
I beat them!
I swept The Shepherd
an' Gore Gal!
An' now my rank's gonna
rocket way, way, way up!
An' every time I win,
I'll keep growin' smarter
an' stronger, too!
Till I'm the best
in the universe!
(gasps)
That was so weird...
I saw pictures
in my head.
Yeah... that's cause
you were dreamin'.
What's dreaming,
Master?
It's seeing weird
pictures in your head.
And that's
very good news
because it means you're
getting smarter.
Wow, seriously?
Yeah.
So what did you
dream about?
Uh, lemme
think...
I remember being in space
an' I was floating around...
(gasps)
An' then I felt
as powerful as a star
an' started glowing like one!
You did?
But wait,
my dream got even cooler.
'Cuz then I became a star!
And like melted
with the universe!
Oh really now!
Incredible!
Huh?
That wasn't just a dream.
It was a prophecy!
Back up.
What's a prophecy?
Oh!
A prophecy, young one,
is when weird pictures
in your head reveal your future.
Your dream of becoming a star
has revealed
an extraordinary destiny:
One day you shall rule
over the whole universe!
For real, Master?
Am I gonna be strong
and smart enough
to rule over the universe?
Indeed.
You will be more powerful
than a hundred packs
of pachyderms.
The great and wise
Ai-stradamus has spoken!
Whoa!
So cool!
That means...
I'll be stronger
than you, right?
Umm...
Yes, I guess...
Yeaaaaaah!
That makes me
your Master!
And from now on, you
will be my apprentice!
Whoa, hold
your horses there, champ!
Guess from now on,
I'll be the one
bossin' you around!
Nah... way too soon...
Why's it too soon?
Because.
Because...?
Because trying to become
a master faster
would lead
to a master disaster!
But the prophecy means
I'm gonna be super strong.
That's true, but you still
have a long way to go.
Then how am I gonna
get there, Master?
(clears throat)
Before ruling
the universe,
you must first learn
to rule something smaller.
Cool, when do
I start?
We can begin the next phase
in your training right away,
if you think
you're ready.
I'm ready alright!
Good, 'cuz I built you this!
It's your own personal kingdom,
right here in LINK VRAINS!
A kingdom
just for me?
All new top to bottom!
It even comes
with a 90-day warranty.
But don't go breakin'
anything on purpose.
Oh boy!
I have my own kingdom!
I can't wait to go there
and start rulin' over it!
One more thing.
I gotcha
somethin' else.
Huh?
A lil' housewarming gift.
Oh.
What is it? What is it?!
Oh just a thing.
Now go take a little spin
around your kingdom!
Enjoy yourself!
Right!
Oh thank you,
Master!
But wait, my new kingdom
is inside LINK VRAINS.
If Playmaker
finds it,
he'll pro'bly try an' take it
away from me, right?
Then what happens?
As the King, your top job
is to defend your territory.
If any invaders
show up,
it's your duty
to protect it from them.
I'll beat 'em
like a rug, Master!
I gotta go
rule now!
(thud)
(screams)
Good bye, Roboppi.
And good luck.
Where could my kingdom be?
Oh!
There it is, there!
(laughs)
Yay!
Woo!
Roboppi is happy!
(laughs)
Oh.
Ah?
Roboppi feels eyes on Roboppi.
(All)
Happy... happy...
(Roboppi)
Hey! Do you appliances
live here?
(All)
We do! We do! We do!
Awesome, guys,
and do you know that
I'm gonna be your new ruler?
(All)
We do! We do!
Then I order all of you
to have fun!
(All)
We do! We do! We do!
(sighs)
Was that island there before?
Better go check it out!
(gasping)
Huh?
Hey, guys, what's the matter?
C'mon out!
Huh?
Hi there, Soulburner!
Roboppi,
what're you doing
on this tiny little island?
Tiny little island?
This is my kingdom
an' I'm the ruler!
Wait, you rule
this place?
This place is only for
helpful appliances
and since you're not
a helpful appliance,
you don't
belong here.
No trespassers allowed,
so go away, Soulburner!
Sure, no prob.
I'll just leave ya to play
on your playground,
but first I need
to track down Ai.
Now, where is he?
I'm the ruler
of this place
and I'm not gonna answer
any of your questions!
(Soulburner)
We're not gonna hurt him,
we just wanna find out
why he's doin' all this.
(Roboppi)
Sounds like your problem,
not my problem.
But my problem is you!
Ai told me
that in order to learn
how to rule the universe,
I have to start by defeating
invaders like you first!
You ruling the universe?
Yeah, right!
You can believe me or not,
but it's a fact.
My Master said
that that is my prophecy,
which is when the weird pictures
in my head tell my future!
And they said I have
been chosen to rule!
N' just
so y' know,
I keep growing stronger
and smarter all the time!
So, you better
leave now
or as the ruler
of this place
it's my job
to force you to leave!
I'm not leaving, Roboppi,
not until you tell me
where Ai is hiding out, got it?
Then I'll do
what a ruler's gotta do,
let's duel!
You sure?
Yeah, and if you beat me,
I'll tell you exactly where
you can find my Master.
You're on.
I'm ready when you are.
Great!
I'm all set!
(Both)
Let's duel!
(Kolter)
Playmaker!
Soulburner found Roboppi.
I'm sending you
the coordinates now.
So Roboppi's facing
that hothead Burnsie.
This should be fun.
Roboppi already took down
Gore Gal and The Shepherd,
but Soulburner will be
his biggest test yet.
Let's see if he's up for it.
I'm goin' first!
So check this out!
To start off...
I activate
this nifty field spell...
APPLIANCER ELECTRILYRICAL WORLD!
(All)
Wow!
When I activate this card,
I get to add
one APPLIANCER spell card
that's in my deck to my hand.
Then I summon the electric
APPLIANCER SOCKETROLL!
And this summon triggers
APPLIANCER COPYBOKKLE's
special ability!
When I have an APPLIANCER
on my field,
like the one that's floatin'
right in front of me,
I can summon COPYBOKKLE
straight from my hand.
And I say the more, the merrier!
Come on out and join the party!
My COPYBOKKLE is also
a master of disguise,
so it can transform
into other another monster!
Watch this!
I bet you can't
tell the difference!
And when I have
two SOCKETROLLS in play,
I get to summon a third
SOCKETROLL from my deck!
Here it goes!
And with them,
I can Plug-In my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 APPLIANCER CELTOPUS!
Then I'll use my last SOCKETROLL
to Link Summon
Link 1 APPLIANCER PROPELION!
And now the effect
of my Field Spell
APPLIANCER ELECTRILYRICAL WORLD
activates!
Then once per turn...
after summoning
an APPLIANCER Link Monster,
I can do this:
Get an APPLIANCER
from my graveyard!
And so I will!
Next up,
I play APPLIANCER REUSE!
Oh yeah!
Then instead of leaving
my APPLIANCER in the trash can,
I can use it again!
I now resurrect
APPLIANCER SOCKETROLL!
And I'll use it
to Link Summon again!
The devourer of dust!
Link 1 APPLIANCER VACCULEPHANT!
Due to APPLIANCER REUSE's
additional effect,
when SOCKETROLL
leaves the field,
it goes back to my deck
instead of the graveyard.
Now I'll place
two cards facedown
and end my turn.
(Soulburner)
Man...
He already summoned
three monsters
on his very first turn?
Huh!
I may not rule the universe yet,
but so far,
I'm rulin' this duel!
(laughs)
♪♪♪